README.md, before:

# Introduction

The Natural Language Interaction Protocol (NLIP) is a specification for a universal application level protocol which can enable communication between two AI Agents, or between a human user interface and an AI Agent. 

The protocol is being standardized by Ecma International. 

This is the repository to solicit feedback on the drafts of proposed standard of NLIP. 

# Directions

There are four documents in this repository 
* [NLIP Specification](https://github.com/nlip-project/ecma_draft/blob/main/tc56-2025-017.pdf) -- the official standards track NLIP protocol specification
* [NLIP Binding to HTTPS/REST](https://github.com/nlip-project/ecma_draft/blob/main/tc56-2025-018.pdf) -- the official standards track binding of NLIP to REST
* [NLIP Binding to WebSocket](https://github.com/nlip-project/ecma_draft/blob/main/tc56-2025-020.pdf). -- the offiical standards track binding of NLIP to WebSocket
* [NLIP Overview](https://github.com/nlip-project/ecma_draft/blob/main/tc56-2025-019.pdf) - A non-standard technical report on motivation and use-cases of NLIP.

To provide feedback please open the error, enhancement or general comment issue in this repository.

We are soliciting community feedback on these specifications. 
If your employer is a member of Ecma, you can also choose to report the comment on Ecma members site. 
If your employer is not a member of Ecma, you can comment on the specifications here. 

# Time Line for Drafts 
* First Draft Published: May 6, 2025
* First Draft Revised: June 26, 2025
* Second Draft : July 17, 2025
* Draft Standard submitted to ECMA General Assembly for approval: 9 October 2025

Commit message:

Add warning about NLIP draft documents
Added a warning about the documents being drafts and out of date.

README.md, after:

>[!WARNING]
>This repo contains early DRAFT documents for NLIP and are considered out of date. Final approved specifications for NLIP can be found [here](https://github.com/nlip-project/nlip_spec).

# Introduction

The Natural Language Interaction Protocol (NLIP) is a specification for a universal application level protocol which can enable communication between two AI Agents, or between a human user interface and an AI Agent. 

The protocol is being standardized by Ecma International. 

This is the repository to solicit feedback on the drafts of proposed standard of NLIP. 

# Directions

There are four documents in this repository 
* [NLIP Specification](https://github.com/nlip-project/ecma_draft/blob/main/tc56-2025-017.pdf) -- the official standards track NLIP protocol specification
* [NLIP Binding to HTTPS/REST](https://github.com/nlip-project/ecma_draft/blob/main/tc56-2025-018.pdf) -- the official standards track binding of NLIP to REST
* [NLIP Binding to WebSocket](https://github.com/nlip-project/ecma_draft/blob/main/tc56-2025-020.pdf). -- the offiical standards track binding of NLIP to WebSocket
* [NLIP Overview](https://github.com/nlip-project/ecma_draft/blob/main/tc56-2025-019.pdf) - A non-standard technical report on motivation and use-cases of NLIP.

To provide feedback please open the error, enhancement or general comment issue in this repository.

We are soliciting community feedback on these specifications. 
If your employer is a member of Ecma, you can also choose to report the comment on Ecma members site. 
If your employer is not a member of Ecma, you can comment on the specifications here. 

# Time Line for Drafts 
* First Draft Published: May 6, 2025
* First Draft Revised: June 26, 2025
* Second Draft : July 17, 2025
* Draft Standard submitted to ECMA General Assembly for approval: 9 October 2025
